# Objective {#objective .unnumbered}

To score the most points.

# Start of play {#start-of-play .unnumbered}

To start the game each player roles a single dice and the highest score
starts. Play then passes to the left. To begin scoring, the player must
score 500 points or more during a single turn.

# Scoring {#scoring .unnumbered}

Ones are worth 100 points and fives are worth fifty points.

## Rolling three of a kind {#rolling-three-of-a-kind .unnumbered}

-   Three ones gives the player 1000 points

-   Three of any other value gives the player 100 points times the
    number value of the dice (e.g., three twos is 200 points).

Rolling four of a kind doubles the value had from rolling three of a
kind. As an example, rolling four ones is 2000 points. Rolling four twos
is 400 points.

Rolling five of a kind doubles the value had from rolling four of a kind
except for five ones which wins the game with 5000 points.

## Big Roll {#big-roll .unnumbered}

A "Big Roll" is when a player rolls all five dice, in a single roll, and
the dice land as one through five. A "Big Roll" is worth 500 points.

# Game Play {#game-play .unnumbered}

During play, each player rolls five dice at the start of their turn. All
point scoring dice are included (i.e., three or more of a kind, ones,
and fives). Any remaining dice can be rolled again to add to the score.
A turn cannot end with a 50 point value. As an example, rolling three
twos, a five, and a one scores 200+50+100 = 350 points. The player must
roll again because the score is not a multiple of 100 points.

During a roll, if no points are scored, play goes to the next player to
the left. If points are scored, the player can roll remaining
non-scoring dice to attempt to earn more points. As an example, rolling
three fours, a two, and a six, the player can roll the two and six dice.
If no points are scored during a subsequent roll, all points for the
turn are lost (i.e., to keep points, the player has to pass the dice
after a roll earning points).

In the event that all of the dice have points (from a single or multiple
rolls), the player can either roll all five dice to keep increasing
their score or pass to the next player. If the player rolls and does not
score, all points from the current turn are lost. If the player passes,
the next turn is forfeit.

# Winning the game {#winning-the-game .unnumbered}

When a player reaches 5000 points, each remaining player gets one more
turn at rolling. The player with the most points wins.
